# CodinGame extension for VSCode

This extension gathers some tools I use to develop more easily bots for CodinGame. The priorities of this extension are to satisfy my current needs while being simple. As a result, the extension is not very flexible or customizable.

Keep in mind that this extension is the first I write. Also, I never programmed in TypeScript before. Thus, there might be silly things I do here that make you want to pull your hair. If you have any improvements to suggest, let me know!

## Features

### Create a New C++ Bot Project

Create a new C++ bot project from a starter folder. The starter folder is expected to respect these rules:
- have a CMakeLists.txt at its root to build the project. This CMakeLists.txt must honor the following variables
  - REPOSITORY_ROOT, path of the root CodinGame folder, containing all bots and tools,
  - INCLUDE_DIR, path to the main C++ include folder where you can place common headers and external library headers,
  - LIB_DIR, path to the main C++ libraries folder where you can place external libraries.
- the build places the source code of the different bot version in a `package` folder. Remember that the CodinGame platform requires the bots to fit in a single file. The current bot version is in `package/bot.cpp`

I provide a working example of [starter C++ CodinGame project](https://github.com/tdelame/codingame_starter) in another repository.

## Requirements

You must have the EditorConfig for VS Code extension as well as the C/C++ extension activated.

This extension is meant to be used on Linux with the following tools installed:
* `cmake` to generate a build configuration for your projects
* `ninja` to build your projects
* `clang` to parse c++ files
* `compdb` to extend the `compile_commands.json` file generated by CMake with headers, such that they will be indexed by VSCode.

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `codinGame.rootPath`: set it to the root directory of your CodinGame projects.
* `codinGame.includePath`: set it to the folder path containing common headers you use in your bots and tools. If not defined, it will be `codinGame.rootPath/tools/include`.
* `codinGame.libPath`: set it to the folder path containing common libraries you use in your tools. If not defined, it will be `codinGame.rootPath/tools/lib`.
* `codinGame.starterPath`: set it to the folder path containing an initial configuration for a bot. If not defined, it will be `codingGame.rootPath/tools/starter`.

## Known Issues

## Release Notes

### 1.0.0
